well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about
leadership styles
and we're going to compare the outgoing
trump administration and the incoming
biden administration we're going to
compare their leadership styles
even though biden has not taken office
yet
he has made it pretty clear
how he plans to handle certain things
we're going to focus on
one in particular
okay so biden has said that he's going
to
ask ask people to wear masks
for the first hundred days he's already
getting pushback on that
um why a hundred days
that's an arbitrary number how does he
know it's going to be over by then
he's just making that period of time up
why why why because people like numbers
you're right it's an arbitrary number
there's absolutely
no guarantee that it's only going to be
100 days in fact i can pretty much
guarantee that it won't be for a whole
lot of people
but people like the certainty of numbers
eight life hacks that will change your
life
that's why headlines are structured that
way people are drawn
into the certainty of numbers
um and that's why he's doing it how long
is it really going to last
until there is a safe effective reliable
and available vaccine nothing changes
it's what we've been saying the whole
time
for a whole lot of people hopefully
that will be 100 days or less
as far as we know there actually is no
distribution plan
despite assurances from the trump
administration there's been none that's
been made public
and the biden administration says they
haven't been briefed on one
if it's done correctly the distribution
plan should
take care of those people who are most
at risk first
there's actually a website and i'll see
if i can find it
um put it down below that will tell you
where you're at in line
if it's done properly which would cover
like healthcare workers and the elderly
and those most at risk
first if you are youngish and in pretty
good health it's going to be a while
judging by that website i'll probably be
wearing a mask
until thanksgiving of 2021.
oh well i mean i guess i'll get to try
out some new styles of masks
it's not a big deal
and then the whole time under the trump
administration
they said they didn't have the authority
to mandate
masks and biden is going to ask
people to wear masks he's not going to
mandate it either
mandating it's that ruler mentality
again
rather than the leader mentality
biden is going to have to overcome a lot
of resistance because
the trump administration politicized
this turned it into a political thing
rather than a health thing
but his hope is that by setting the
example
and doing everything that he's supposed
to and encouraging his staff to do so
that people will do what's right and
follow the advice of the docs
it makes sense go back and look at the
videos
it's what i said trump should have been
doing the whole time
that's that's how you lead you don't
have to mandate
and then when it comes to mandating he
also said he wasn't going to mandate the
vaccine
that's also the right move and i know
there's going to be a lot of resistance
to that but encourage it
incentivize it do everything you can
to get people to to get the vaccine
but you can't really mandate it if
you're going to stay
ideologically consistent there aren't a
whole lot of situations
in which most people are okay with the
government saying
this is what you're going to do with
your body or else
i think that's the right call aside from
that
aside from the moral and ethical aspects
of it
on the practical side there's already
gonna be resistance to it
if it is mandated it's gonna be like
a security clampdown it's gonna increase
the resistance
um i think that's the right move i do
think that they should encourage it
and realistically my my best guess
is that administration officials
will get the vaccine before anybody else
and they'll still be out there wearing
masks
because they're going to try to set the
example they're going to try to lead
rather than rule it's what his
statements indicate
and i think that's the right move um
i think that's probably what this
country needs more than anything right
now
now aside from all of that i do want to
point something out
the docs have spoken up we are not even
to the thanksgiving peak yet
it is going to get worse before it gets
better
to make it even worse we're going to hit
the thanksgiving peak right around the
time people start traveling for the
december holidays
which means it's going to get a lot
worse before it gets better the docs are
saying don't travel
it's probably good advice they they know
what they're talking about
it's also the united states and we know
that people don't always listen to them
i just want to point out that if you are
going to disregard that piece of advice
it doesn't mean you should disregard all
of their advice
wear a mask stay distanced wash your
hands do everything that you can
even if you're going to disregard that i
think that
might have been part of the problem over
thanksgiving
the best advice is to do what the docs
say
don't travel if you
just feel obligated because
you know it could be granny june's last
christmas
do everything that you can take every
precaution that you can mitigate in
every way that you can and understand
that if you mess
this up granny june
probably won't see spring
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day